what's going on guys Garrett here and
today we'll be talking about
transferring characters from Xbox 360
and ps3 over to Xbox one PC and the ps4
now there's been a ton of confusion that
you guys have expressed to me on Twitter
Facebook and Instagram in regards to
whether or not you'll be keeping your
money whether or not you'll be keeping
your levels and in this video I'll be
cleaning up any miscommunication
confusion anything like that so if you
guys have any questions leave them down
in the comment section or follow me on
facebook twitter and instagram to ask me
there as i will reply now with that said
in this video i'll be answering
questions you guys have asked me in the
past and just really summing up the
whole character transfer process for you
so you have a better of understanding
how it will work so you're not very
confused on exactly what's going on once
the time comes so with that said I'm
gonna go and ask a question and then
I'll answer it so the question is that
you guys have been asking is if you buy
grand theft auto 5 for ps4 Xbox one or
PC will you be able to transfer your
grand all online character and
progression from from your Xbox 360 or
Playstation 3 account now the answer to
this is yes you will be able to transfer
your Xbox 360 or Playstation 3 character
progression to Xbox one ps4 or PC that
are that's your three choices you can
transfer them but the way to do so is
going to be by having a social club
account now you can only transfer your
character 1 so an example may give you
guys let's say you have two characters
one of them is a male his name is Bill
then you have a female character her
name is Jill bill and Jill are both
level 100 they both have the same amount
of money now the biggest question I've
been getting is Garrett can I transfer
bill to Xbox one and Jill to ps4 sadly
guys you cannot what Rockstar is doing
is copying your social club and just
transferring all the characters you have
on one console
maybe it's the ps3 over to whatever
console you choose so let's say you have
a character let's say you have Bill Jill
on xbox360 and you want to transfer the
ps4
well rockstars going to do is copy the
characters you have on your xbox 360
social club and copy them over to
a ps4 you're not going to lose your
progression on the Xbox 360 you will
remain with everything over there so
let's say on the Xbox 360 you have a
million dollars and you transfer it over
to the ps4 when you transfer it you will
keep your money it will go with you but
the money that is on your Xbox 360 will
remain there if you spend it on the ps4
but you can only transfer your
characters once so you can't go ahead
and transfer your Xbox 360 character
again to the PC and from my
understanding you cannot transfer your
ps4 or your Xbox one characters to the
PC when that is released so there's been
a lot of confusion along whether or not
you be able to keep your levels whether
or not you'll be able to keep your money
and I'm going to briefly read something
rocks are posted on their website in
regards to character transfer now this
is exactly word for word what they said
and I'll have the image on the screen
right now they said you will need a
Rockstar Games social club account
linked to the console accounts used one
previously playing GTA online as you
guys can see in order to transfer your
characters you will need to have a
social club account linked to your
console which is ps3 or your Xbox 360
then they went ahead and said when
entering GTA online this is on ps4 on
Xbox one and PC I'm assuming you'll be
given the option to transfer your
previous GT online character and
progression data once you have chosen to
transfer your previous character and
progression data the transferable
in-game money
RP rank of all previous characters will
be displayed these characters that will
be transferred to the placing it for or
Xbox one once the transfer has been
completed you'll be prompted to choose a
character and enter into GT online you
will still be able to play your
characters on ps3 and/or xbox360 however
any progress made with versions of the
characters on those systems after a
transfer will remain on those systems
only any existing ps4 Xbox one GT line
character and progression data will be
replaced by the previous character and
progression data during the transfer
except for any existing
gave money which would be combined in
your with your transferred balance so as
you guys can see right there that is
exactly the detailed information you
guys wanted lastly all earned in-game
money will transfer purchase in-game
money that has not been spent will only
transfer within a console family so if
you buy a char card on the ps3 and you
decide to transfer to the Xbox one and
you still have like five million dollars
on your ps3 and you think that you'll be
transferred the Xbox one it will not be
transferred the only amount of money
that will be transferred in game is
money that you earned by doing jobs
missions but any money you purchased by
shark cards will not be transferred
unless you transfer from ps3 to ps4 or
Xbox 360 to Xbox one
hopefully this is cleared up any
confusion any just things that you had
questions about because this is a very
in detail video explaining exactly what
is going on when the transfer of
characters does start happening if you
guys have any more questions you are
more than welcome to follow me on
twitter and ask me there I will most
likely get back to you if the question
is very very you know simple if it's
something like Garrett if I transfer my
character and for some reason all my
money gets duped what do I do
I really don't want to have an answer
for you but if it's something I can
answer I will definitely get back to you
and help you out because my interest my
best interest is to help you guys as
much as possible hopefully this has
cleared up your confusion share this
video with a friend that is also
confused about character transfer let
him know if he had plans on transferring
from the Xbox 360 to the ps4 but he is a
big shark card buyer and you might want
to tell him to spend his money fast now
my biggest recommendation if you do plan
on transferring from xbox 360 to ps4 and
you do have in-game money like if you
have let's say 10 million dollars that
you purchased through shark cards right
what I recommend you doing is buying a
ders just buy a bunch of adders that's
the only way you really get your money's
worth I mean just by the adders once you
try to the next-gen just sell the adders
off so then you have money over there
that's that's my biggest recommendation
I can give you guys hopefully you
enjoyed the video see you guys later on
tables
the one makes you follow my page between
Instagram I'll see you guys later